remove stackdriver, elastic task pages (#24769)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/zookeeper.md

```

Kubernetes supports more powerful, but more complex, logging integrations
with [Stackdriver](https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/docs)

> and [Elasticsearch and Kibana](https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack).

Reviewer: I think this is dated. By now, several more products work with Kubernetes for logging. It's a long list.

We should tell people that Kubernetes leaves it up to the cluster operator to select a logging solution and integrate it with their cluster or application.

Author: Sure. I can update this.

> For cluster level log shipping and aggregation, consider deploying a [sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2015/06/the-distributed-system-toolkit-patterns)
> container to rotate and ship your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cluster level log shipping and aggregation, consider deploying a [sidecar](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/#using-a-sidecar-container-with-the-logging-agent)
```
